== TODO ==

x Proof of concept: showing typed text as it is entered
x Proof of concept: branching text "paths"
x Proof of concept: game script DSL converted to JSON
x Check game script for unreachable sections
  Allow typing just the keys we know from a path
  Display section text
  Display section images
  Paths can also have little icon-like images?
  On-screen keyboard with finger columns and key highlighting


== Design Notes ==

Home Town represents the home row and will have characters named after each key:
	a - Affir
	...
	j - Jay
	k - Kay
	l - Lilly

The color of the characters will match the on-screen keyboard columns for the various fingers.

The color-coding might even extend UP to the Highlands (qwerty...) and DOWN to the caves and swamps (zxcvb...).

Above the Highlands, are the ten mountains (12345...) where each of the masters can teach a spell (such as ! "Bang!") and (@ "At" - teleport?).

All special characters are used for spell-casting - Home Town will have the ';', which will let you cast something that finally releases you from Home Town.

The first mission out of Home Town should be to take you to the Temple of the I (with an eyeball motif!) where you learn to type the letter I so you can start using it in the text "I went to the...".

Until you can type everything, maybe people say, "Oh, I can barely understand you, dear.  But that's okay, everybody's like that at first.  Pretty soon you'll be talking like the rest of us!"

At some point (possibly still in Home Town), you'll be visited by a Shifter (or multiple Shifters? Left and Right?).  Anyway, they'll teach you how to use Shift to type uppercase letters.  They'll also be shape-shifters - maybe they can each turn into an animal...maybe your character even turns into an animal while Shift is pressed in a funny way?


== Tech Notes ==

Explore SVG rendering since I'd like to do vector graphics - and the game will be largely formatted text, etc.

Likely don't need canvas or traditional game loop since I won't have anything timed or any animation (other than the blinking cursor).

Probably shouldn't be any difference between paths and sections in the .script file - allow arbitary anonymous and named paths like so:

	camp: You arrived at a camp. There is a fire and a tent.
		choice: What would you like to do at camp?
			I decided to
				jump in the fire.
					: Oh dear! Let's not do that!
						I didn't do that. -> choice
				sleep in the tent. -> sleep_tent

We'll let the user type just the letters they know from a path.  Here's a crummy example with just a couple letters from the home row:

    I went to Jay's Shop.
              j   s s

